well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
and it's the end of november so we're
going to kind of
talk about what's going on see how
everybody's doing
hoping you guys can hear me let's see
people are starting to come in god um
berlin kansas finally catch a stream yes
you did i'm doing one on the weekend
because i got a complaint that
i never do them on the weekend so there
here we are
um so basically
this month we've been working a lot on
the second channel and i know eventually
y'all are getting tired of hearing it
before you
see it but that's what uh
we've been doing um it's going uh
doing pretty well so we've got
a couple on uh in the content library
there already
so we'll be able to start
publishing it and go live with the
channel pretty soon i hope
um hanover germany
chicago
saturday morning okay um
and i've been learning a lot the second
channel is uh
it's not public yet but it's gonna have
something to do with
uh being on the road a lot of what we're
doing
is on location stuff and we've learned a
lot
um in fact one of the first ones that we
filmed
since then we bought a piece of
equipment called a gimbal
which is this thing that keeps the
camera steady at all times
and it makes such a difference that
we're probably not going to use any of
that footage and go back
and go back and shoot that whole video
again
because it really does it makes a lot of
difference if you have any intention on
producing any kind of content that is on
the move
or um i mean in any way shape or form
dynamic it's not on a tripod
they're they're cheap but it's
definitely worth the investment
it makes a huge difference in the output
um how did your area reelect nat gates
over a navy that i don't know how they
reelected matt gates period
to be honest
but thank you karen sheets
yeah i don't know how that happened
but it is what it is
watch the disney youtubers though they
know how to film on the move
yeah i've been learning so much about it
um
you know like little things that i'd
never thought of my son's into
cinematography and he actually pointed
out he's like you know you don't have to
film stuff
in the order that it's going to be in
the final product right
no i actually hadn't considered that
like i'm real new to that side of it so
it's definitely a uh a learning
experience for me
but let's see
thank you ouiji make sure to join the
discord lots of great folks
yeah i've i've been watching ed's
channel it's
it's doing really well uh doing really
well
thank you swirly swirl recent thoughts
on events in iran um
yeah i mean it is what it is at the end
of the day you know we we should have
known it was going to go downhill trump
started saying that he had brought peace
to the middle east
because he got a treaty signed between
countries that weren't at war
but we should have known the second he
started talking like that that something
was going to spin out of control because
it always does um i don't know
what i don't know what the response is
going to be
i don't know where they're at i don't
know if they're willing to risk
things getting hotter when they know
they're going to change in a month
or two months so
let's see
thank you joe schloom i'm on a no trump
weekend is it safe here that depends on
the questions
thank you rc maverick
thank you melanie kirby
i'm gonna bring this up on my phone so i
can
scroll through the uh
the comments a little bit easier
so
hmm
there we go
missed anything already
thank you annika johnson
thank you david garrick my girlfriend
still yells i love you bo at the end of
every video
however as we're both geezers i'm sure
your wife isn't worried
thank you kathy mcdonald uh my wife
doesn't worry about much
so well i think we'll be all right
thank you environmental coffee house i
will be watching and reporting on the
apa department of
interior and the department of energy
they're
critical i love your commentary
uh
thank you john the longshore looking
forward to reading your thoughts daily
thank you ashley sebel
what do you think is going to happen in
the runoff uh the way things are shaping
up it looks like republicans are going
to step on each other's feet
and cause division and inviting and they
may pay for it
um so
we'll see i don't have a prediction on
that one yet
um thank you trucey
philadelphia appreciates your voice
thanks
thank you willem dietrich
i'd love to hear your thoughts on
china's belt and roads initiatives if
you have any hear any
talk about direct action in the context
of americans uh
we will be talking about more direct
stuff right after the election
um and and we'll be doing well actually
doing how to's
um on some of it um as far as the belt
and roads thing
if we're talking about all the trade
stuff that they're doing
i i'm trade is good
trade is good it depends on how much
they tie this
to other stuff when they're talking
about the stuff they're doing with other
countries
um thank you
deborah raider
and thank you anna mazzarell
um thank you paul
janardi just sent a bunch of money
to georgia dim's via cog this channel
yesterday
um oh speaking of which something
happened here in florida i haven't had a
chance
to check it out yet but it looks like
there was a
funeral and somebody was wearing a black
lives matter
mask and it escalated somehow
and that person got arrested that person
is trans
and there's gonna be a go fund me set up
for their legal stuff
um in florida anything that happens at a
religious service is a big deal
there's a reason like westborough and
those people never came down here
so they're probably going to need some
pretty significant legal defense
they were a writer for
the center for stateless society i will
put the information out there
if i when i get it
thank you thank you laura l what are
some of your
news sources i'm tired of relying on msm
i tend to use the wire services like
reuters ap
to get a good grasp on the facts and
what's going on
and then i read pretty much anybody's
opinion to get more information and then
you can always rely on trade magazines
stuff like that i'm going to be doing a
video on ascent
open source intelligence which is
basically what everybody's asking
when they ask this question how do you
take all the information that's
available
and turn it into something that is
usable
thank you ida thomason
uh we had we had a uh
yeah yesterday was an interesting uh
chain of events as far as the recounts
and everything goes i mean i do uh
can you give a background of who you are
yeah i'll do that in a minute um
yesterday was an interesting thing as
far as the recounts go that was
entertaining
the fact that trump paid to add
votes to biden um
let's see thank you lawhof
2021 recession or depression lots of
people
needing food no jobs to replace those
lost in the service and retail industry
um well in 2021
it would still be a recession could it
become
a depression yeah it depends on how it's
managed
um we'll see
so we'll we'll go for
i don't know i would like to think that
even if you don't agree with biden's
policies
you you have to acknowledge that there
that there are going to be policies
they're going to be stable
and businesses are going to have an
easier time reacting to that
even if they dislike them and
they'll be they'll be more likely to
compensate for whatever negative aspects
they don't like about his policy or
whatever
and maintain some kind of stability we
have to remember
that this economic downturn started
before
the public health thing trump likes to
blame it on that but that's not what
happened
uh thank you pink moon thank you dem
studios
thoughts on how far her car tell
militarization has come
um
i actually haven't read on where they're
at right now
but given where they were at 18 months
ago and the way they
where they were at 24 months ago i can
assume
um yeah they are becoming little de
facto states they're becoming
actual militaries down there um and and
they're organizing
in some cases they have better
intelligence services than a lot of
nation states
so i mean if
things don't happen soon on that front
they will probably become states of some
kind
and i mean the easiest way to do that is
to remove the
the profit you know make it legal
the money will still be there the
product will still be there but the
violence will likely go away
which is always a benefit
uh thank you adraconius do you think
republicans are going to abandon trump
after the georgia runoffs
my sister is under the impression that
that's case i think it's possible
i think they're really worried about
protecting the majority right now and
they want those votes um
but i don't know i
to me he didn't lose by a big enough
landslide to teach
the republican party a lesson so i don't
know
keith davies diplomacy with iran is
screwed the world isn't safe
now trump made the world a whole lot
worse um
in a lot of ways he did but
given biden's past and the people that
he's brought
on as far as iran i
i'm hoping that they're going to be the
adult in the room
i'm hoping that they are going to be the
show restraint and come back to the
table once biden's in office
um rather than this escalating
thank you jurgen i would love to hear
you tell
we'd love to hear you tell folks how to
help with phone banking to support
warnock and ossoff
um in the georgia state runoffs
i am certain i don't have the
information um like
i'm right in front of me but there is
certainly a way that you can call
and or you can find the information
online and you'll be able to call from
your home
you'll be able to assist without being
there and that's something that you can
definitely do
and you can do that from anywhere
thank you mel m thank you unknown valor
do you expect trump to keep the mantle
of president after leaving the white
house declaring biden
a false president of the deep state
he'll probably try
but i mean it's it's becoming laughable
more and more and more so
so i i there's a part of me that kind of
hopes he does
um simply for humor's sake um and simply
for the uh
simply for making him more relevant
the longer he clings to it the more
relevant he's going to become
thank you sailing prepper democrat
republican trump or biden two sides of
the same coin
yeah i mean there's an element of truth
to this
but at the same time there are
differences there are actual tangible
differences that make a difference in
people's lives
so boiling it down that that far is
i don't know that it's helpful um in a
lot of ways it's true
but there there are
some major ones let's see thank you adam
sandy
why are there reports of record retail
sales for holidays when
actual jobs have gone away um
credit cards it's probably not a good
thing
i think americans are banking on
everything coming back now that trump's
gone
i think that's what they're banking on
um and
yeah so we we may have another debt
issue coming back up
yet again
do you think the red wolf is done for
i'm not sure if you're talking about the
animal or this is some reference i'm not
getting
um thank you keith davies
thank you cambrie elaine
for whatever calls you're about today
thank you um
this isn't the one for we're gonna be
doing one again
shortly for the uh
for the shelter and getting holiday
gifts and stuff like that for them
and helping them get whatever it is they
need um
if it does if that live stream comes up
short that this live stream will also be
for it too
um this was kind of spur of the moment
when somebody
pointed out that i don't do them on the
weekends so
i decided to do one on the weekend thank
you dirty bird
thank you john whitson are there any
republicans who could compete with trump
for 2024
race i know people are worried about
that i'm not
four years from now trump is going to
be eat
even more it's going to become more
apparent
um a lot of his failings uh not just
as far as the the policy impacts but
also
his personal ability to
appear coherent in public
i think there's going to be four years
is a long time
at that age so there may be
there may be visible downturns in his
ability to do stuff
there's a ton of organizations calling
canvassing voters in georgia for the
runoff election
that definitely sounds like something
that i have to do a video on
john espinoza thank you
embellika 76 thank you
are toilet paper and paper towels
running short where you are also
i don't know about a month ago i made a
video saying that
toilet paper and paper towels were going
to run short and when
i made that video i stocked up so i have
no idea
they probably are and we're probably
going to see shortages through the end
of the year
and various places at various times
because
production was down and now we have the
holidays we were barely meeting
production before
the supply chains are interrupted uh
thank you dan
l values the progressives need to get
after pelosi most of us need to keep
mcconnell accountable
that's not a bad strategy
i think the mint can be redirected
toward public health relief obvious
different products but
with a delay is there a reason
politicians wouldn't want this
um generally you don't want the military
working domestically for just about
anything this would be
in my opinion a valid exception and i
think that
honestly if they're going to be using
the stuff that has to be frozen they
don't have a choice
the military is the only entity that has
the logistics to do that
um so if if they're going to be using
that one
it's it's a moot point they don't have
an option
fedex will not be able to handle it
do you know if the reclassification of
federal jobs can be rescinded once trump
leaves office
anything done with an executive order
can be sent away with an executive order
most of trump's stuff because he didn't
actually get legislation passed
um he uh yeah it's going to be gone
quick
it's not going to be hard to
to undo a lot of his policies because he
never went through
the process to make them permanent uh
thank you john vandermee
thank you n.c is mewi a right wing
anti-lgbtq propaganda um
i don't know haven't been on it in a
long time um
a lot of those newer social media sites
they get overtaken by
by the right pretty quickly as they get
banned from other platforms
so maybe um
what do you think about hong kong's
protest and china's genocide of the hong
kong people um i mean it's bad
no um that's one of those things that
we've probably lost that the end result
of that geopolitically
it's unlikely that in any of those
situations
where the united states blinked
will ever be able to regain the
initiative those
those locations are going to probably
become part of china as a whole and be
viewed that way we're not going to view
anything as a separate entity anymore
um that was that was lost
that was lost and i don't that's one of
those things that i don't think
i don't think the biden team is going to
be able to fix
if trump runs in oh no
if trump runs in 2024 will corporate
dems use
that to push back the progressives no
clue
no clue i don't really think he's gonna
run to be honest but
we'll see i don't think he'll have a
chance let's see
thank you benjamin noble much love from
kentucky
sorry about my call yeah we were like
i like the gates down here so i i yeah
i feel you um thank you intimate
connections
should the flynn pardon be challenged
legally
they really can't um i know there's a
lot of people talking about that and
they're saying that it's not just at the
end of the day the president's power to
pardon is absolute
there is nothing um realistic
that can be done about that they'd have
to find completely separate charges
that are not related to the first in any
way shape or form
the president's par pardon power is just
it's immense there's no way that i know
of
for it to be challenged
not even ineffectively like i don't even
know of a mechanism to challenge it
uh thank you timothy ball
thank you brian dorishak
okay um
thank you a draconius could trump even
have the ability to run depending on
what happens
what's the new york state courts done
with it uh yeah that there's a whole
bunch of things
that could limit the president's ability
to seek
another term in 2024
not just his age and health not just his
his mental abilities um
but he
he has a lot of pending litigation that
even if it doesn't outright prohibit him
let's say he beats all of this stuff
it may also impact his base
because i think there's going to be a
lot of things publicly disclosed
that they're probably not going to like
[Music]
thoughts on the geopolitical situation
growing with lithium deposits near in
sonora mexico
uh i don't know about that specifically
i don't know about that
this this specifically but i can tell
you that if there is
if you have that kind of deposit if you
have that kind of natural resources
available
you're going to have a whole bunch of
competing interests
um and a lot of them down there are
armed
so that's that's without knowing exactly
what's going on
i imagine that that's going to go bad
that's going to get very loud
because that's a lot of money and in
an area that when it comes to money
there there's also arms
thoughts on ukraine offering citizenship
to americans
uh that's a common thing that's gone on
for
a lot of countries over the years um
i i don't know anybody
um i don't know anybody that
that was a contractor or consultant
that's like oh i want a ukrainian
passport
so i don't know if it's going to attract
a lot of professionals
but it it might bring in enough
um it might bring in enough people who
want the adventure who want the
the experience i know that sounds weird
but they exist
um or those people who are just fed up
with the us
and there's a lot of those so i
as far as the ethics of it it's a really
common thing
people have done it for a long time
i just don't know how effective it's
going to be because it's ukraine
do you think it's possible to get a
third party headed up by progressives
and independents before 2024.
yes i do um
and what what's your thoughts on getting
rid of the electoral colleges asap
that's probably not going to happen um
not before 2024
but getting a party at progressive party
yeah it's it's completely possible it's
about whether or not
they want to uh put in
the ground game put in the work for the
ground game
um okay i think i'm missing some stuff
here
thank you for everything you do i'm
enjoying ed yeah
ed's great ed is great
and now that his channel is monetized
he's actually i guess they're using that
money to get like fuel oil and stuff for
the people in his community it's
fantastic
like that that makes me really happy to
be honest
um thank you
lack of gravitas
uh thank you family tuned okay that's
what i just read okay got them caught up
i think google staffers
the verdict of guilty for the treason
and bribery surrounding trump's actions
in support of zte would see all of
trump's acts orders and appointments
rescinded by taint
um i mean theoretically that's how it
would work
but we'll see
again most of his stuff
biden can undo day one with a pen stroke
because he didn't go through congress
there's nothing nothing that he did
with an executive order none of his
policy changes that he made
um are permanent unless they went
through congress those executive orders
mean nothing
they can be undone immediately um
newfie bullet thank you greetings from
newfoundland
uh do you think the republicans double
down on
a trump-like cult of personality in 2024
yes
i do i don't know that it's going to be
trump
but i definitely think they're going to
double down on on a trump-like
person because they didn't learn their
last they didn't lose big enough
does this 4 party system make sense
progressive democrat republican
nationalist
uh i mean that
i think if you got to that you'd end up
with even more which i don't see that as
a bad thing
um so
thank you josh aronoff um
devin nunez is cal's brother thank you
when are you and ben dixon doing your
star trek crossover or was
no that was yeah i'm totally down to do
that
um my guess is given
uh schedules that's probably going to be
after the holidays
um i mean it's possible we could get it
done in december
we actually laid out any details but i'm
very
i'm very down to do that um i've
actually like i didn't watch those
as a kid i didn't watch them until i was
an adult
and an editor was like you should really
watch these i'm like yeah whatever no
not interested and then i did just out
of you know insomnia
and it was pretty entertaining um
and yeah that's actually something i'm
kind of looking forward to i'm also
looking forward to trying to get
uh bailey sarin she's agreed in
principle to come on
and talk about her research stuff and
how she does it the problem is
i asked her in october which you know
she runs
i mean she does the makeup channel but
the big win there
is her true crime stuff and halloween's
like a big month for her
you know that's like and then the next
month was the election so i didn't have
time so i'm hoping we can do that soon
um let's see
i'd equities uh if pres
pardon powers are limitless
he is then above the law anyone can then
pay for a pardon
yeah that's why it's important to elect
people with some kind of integrity
there really isn't a check on the
president's pardon
power other than being able to pardon
himself i mean that's really the only
one and that's kind of
implied that's not even explicitly
stated they could argue that
the clear channel coach riddle me this
why would a president need to pardon
himself
if he committed no crimes and how can
even his cult leadership defend this
um
well i didn't do anything wrong this is
just a formality to make sure that the
the deep state dims don't arrest me
that's how he'd sell it and they'd
believe it
uh jj ford poor soul studios thank you
what do you think about the people's
party as a viable third party
progressive
when it comes to third parties um
the the main thing is actually getting
the ground game
that that's that's what matters and i
actually had i feel bad because
i had a i want to say it was a
libertarian
reach out here in florida and ask you
know about that i should probably do a
video on it one of the big things
about being if you're wanting to
assert a new organization like that is
you have to keep people interested in it
it can't be once every four years or
once every two years there has to be
stuff going on all the time
that takes two things one constant
activity
and two you you gotta do some
fundraising you're gonna need money
um because you're gonna have you're
gonna want
you have to create events that people
want to go to so they remember
this party so they get familiar with it
um
thank you captain farrow good to meet
your guardian handling
what do you think about how new zealand
has handled it
um new zealand has done a pretty great
job
as far as managing the the public health
thing down there
the i don't know that we'd be able to do
that in the united states
um not i you know i'm not known for
giving trump a pass
on anything but i don't know that we
could
do that because of the way americans are
um we wouldn't we
we probably would not have been
compliant with that
um i think it's great and
with the amount of leadership she she
showed down there
lives lives lots of lives saved because
of her and her policies
um i don't know that even if he had
tried he would have been able to do that
here
uh thank you truthwarrior can't think of
a question just wanted to say thank you
from all of us for your voice oh wait
how many t-shirts do you own
a lot and we have a lot more coming out
we're going to be releasing more
in the teespring store
can we really have viable third parties
without getting rid
of winner take all elections ranked
choice voting ranked choice voting would
make it a whole lot easier
ideally one of the things that would
have to
happen is for people on opposite ends of
the spectrum to work together
because if you simultaneously built a
strong conservative
third party and a strong liberal third
party
you would end up with four parties and
people would be more likely to use them
because they they would feel the other
vote is being split as well
um
let's see thank you todd um
do you think republicans will block
qualified biden cabinets
just to see his administration struggle
maybe i don't see it i don't put it past
them
i don't think it's incredibly likely
because i think
i think they're going to have enough i
don't think they're going to want to
waste their political capital on that
you know a president deserves a cabinet
and now
trump has set the set the precedent of
just making people acting
forever so just go that route
um
yeah i i they they in a lot of ways they
have injured their own abilities
thank you eawrb
what truthwarrior says
let's see let's see kalel google
staffers
axe orders and appointments include
scotus
and the federal bench um
yeah i mean
i understand the theory i don't know
that it would work out that way
practically
um we would have to see cottagers 58 but
yeah i mean that's in
in theory that's the way it's supposed
to work whether or not it does that's
something else there's a whole lot of
logistics involved in that
that i don't know that the federal
government really even wants to do
uh thank you cocky joe tm
election warned us i i can't read
it's not showing up okay hello from
georgia these are the sites for georgia
senate runoff thanks for all you do
sadly for some reason there's no links
that maybe
that may explain what i see on my head
um
there's no links there
thank you t-zone434
um
so
now if you're so i put out a tweet
earlier thank you jason merrill
um asking for
questions from twitter if i don't get to
them during this
i'll do the same thing i did last time i
haven't looked at any of them yet so
you'll still get an off the cuff
answer and just hit record on the camera
and it'll be like a second live stream
later out in the shop um
do you think israel would be acting
aggressive if biden was in office right
now
uh no not not well let me phrase that
not to the same degree
um again we don't
there's a lot of things at play there
that we don't know um
i find i find it unlikely that what it
would take for
to kind of justify that occurred but
it's not out of the question
um so uh as far as whether or not that
was right or wrong
politically for israel i'm gonna
withhold judgment
because i don't know i don't know enough
but i do think that that whole dynamic
it will change
once biden is in office thank you sean
kelly
thank you karen sheets shout out to
all the amazon workers striking a clock
across the globe
yeah i really wish they would get their
stuff together i really wish amazon
would
get their stuff together um
do you think that systemic racism is an
issue yeah
of course um if you do
then what can we do to fix it and do you
think biden will change it
no i do not think biden will change it
it's going to have to be done with us
it is it's systemic it's not something
that one person can address alone
they can help they can encourage they
can lead the way
but it's going to take a whole lot of
people we have to change the way people
think not just the legislation um
and it's a long fight so
did you see the video from destiny's
initial meetup he got like 50 to 100
people to show up in georgia to discuss
how they'd be canvassing for dems
i did not see that
how are the actions of trump and some
uh are they not sedition
uh
in some ways they probably are depends
on how they want to
push it and
that gets determined by who wins
um i think that if when it's all said
and done if biden takes office when
biden takes
office then it it could be pursued in
that manner but it can't be
while he's in office while trump's still
in office
um
pardons used to keep people quiet maybe
illegal
um they should be i don't know that
there's
any when you're talking about at the
federal level when you're talking about
with the president
i don't know that there's anything that
would rescind the pardon
it might implicate the president in a
crime
but i don't know that it would actually
impact the pardon itself
um like i mean that the constitution's
like
real clear on this one and it there's
not much that anybody else has to say
about it
but now if the president offered
something of value from his public
office or her public office
in exchange for something that
personally benefited her or him
that would be a crime so it may be
illegal
but it wouldn't invalidate the pardon
itself more than likely
okay
thank you tony sparks
hi i'm a teenager from iran i love
politics and follow american politics
closely your channel is great by the way
what do you think could happen with the
whole iran situation in
biden's term i think that things would
there would be a marked improvement for
iran
i think they would come back to the
table the deal that got shattered i
think
they would work very hard to reinstitute
it um
i i and
iran would be in a better bargaining
position at that point
um so i as much as
trump talked about putting america first
he he did it without any strategy which
made
it weaker in a lot of ways um
a biden administration would
benefit peace and stability in that
region which benefits iran
so
if i was iranian i would be
i would be doing everything i could to
keep tensions caught
or keep everybody calm until
biden arrives in fact some of the people
who he has brought into key positions
in in what looks to be his state
department
are the people who got the first deal
um so i don't and given the fact that it
was working
i don't think they're going to change
course i think they're just going to be
irritated with
their predecessors because they have to
go and redo it
thank you bad pirate monkey
thank you keith davies
thanks for answering ali i was just
about to highlight it
oh just luck of the draw i just happened
to see that one
uh thank you gabriel
buckowski um
thank you jack deckard what's up with
rick scott being collected over and over
i heard his company was involved in the
largest fraud of the medicare system in
its history
um it
it's it's down here it's florida
i don't know what to tell you um
you know yeah
in regards to rick scott it's called
florida yeah we've
we've turned corruption into the state
sport down here um
it's uh
i'm gonna create a youtube channel
dedicated to discussing politics in
denmark
uh that's not on my list
of stuff to do right now um
now i i don't know what's up with scott
i don't know what that what's up with
gates i don't know how we end up with
the politicians we do i think
that the republicans are we need to
recount the votes
um thank you matt mateu
mateu thanks for being a spokesman for
just genuine people
thank you kathy g
you think biden will sign the korean
deal okay
uh i think
because the door's been opened because
trump opened the door i think it's more
likely that you're going to get
high-level negotiations between the u.s
and korea
because it's already happened there
there's not going to be a stigma against
doing it because it's already been done
granted it didn't work for trump but
that was one of the few decisions he
made on the foreign policy
side of things that i thought was a good
move granted
it didn't work because he wasn't up to
the task but the idea
behind opening high level negotiations
between korea and the united states
i think it's a good idea and i would
hope that biden's state department
follows through with that um
and i think that we we can become i
think we can get
a lot further along with that
didn't you post a video a few months
about some lesser thought of reasons
yes uh you know
i was actually in the car i don't know
what headline you're talking about but
now i have to go luck
um because i may do a follow-up video
yeah i definitely see that
as something that's happening right now
um
there there is so much research and
we're probably doing it to other
countries right now we would be
we would be derelict in our duties
if we were not doing the exact same
thing because there's a whole lot that
can be learned
um about research right now
so i am i am certain that every
opposition country is watching how
we do things and we're doing it to other
people
thank you thank you jennifer pearlman
how do we get the man baby trumpus to
have the epiphany
that pardoning julian assange is the
ultimate
to the dem establishment
i don't know you you
you probably just have to well actually
you could probably do it
because i'm assuming this is jen
pearlman
the the one i know um
you know you're part of the radical left
you could actually probably push that
out there
and just say just basically beg him not
to do it
you know and make it can you believe
that trump's doing this he's going to
destroy the radical left by doing this
blah blah blah
blah and he'd probably do it just to
spite you because that's
who he is
thank you linda sobol
thank you julie crabble
have you read the book quite too long i
have not
i have not thank you tomorrow christian
we'll buy and be able to help our
kurdish friends probably not i think
that's done
um i don't i don't know
that that's i i don't know that that's
i don't know it's realistic that we're
going to be able to reconnect on that
level
i mean let me rephrase that they may
help but i don't think it's going to
become
the level of cooperation that it was
before
exalted they what strategy do democrats
need to adopt for the midterms
also what direction do republicans need
to go and to be successful
um i don't know i i don't
we're going to have to see the reactions
to the first few
months of the bite administration and
see how people react
i'm hoping that
progressives push the biden
administration incredibly
push them push them further
which means the midterms those
candidates would need to go left but i
don't know
thank you known liberal
do i do you think that a competent
business leader can make a good
president
uh it's possible if they have skill sets
other than just being
a a business leader um
it's not a the country isn't a business
and it's not the military
you know there i don't there's an idea
that you know we need a general
or we need a business leader i don't
know that either that's true
i would like to see more scientists
historians people like that um more so
than
generals and millionaires um
thank you james it seems that both
parties are split right now
do you think progressives would split
from dems or trump or split from the gop
if so which is most likely um
it all depends on the candidates there's
so many variables
on this kind of stuff because you're
talking about two or four years out it
depends on what candidates end up on
what tickets
i think that there would probably would
have been a split very likely right now
except for the fact that a whole lot of
progressives a whole lot of people who
are
far left were like you know what i will
set that aside
to help get trump out of office and
there's somebody that kept repeating a
question
down below that might have something to
do with uh
the perception there
um there there was a lot of people
willing to cooperate
with people they normally wouldn't just
to just to get rid of trump
thank you keith davies helping the
courage snow strings is still the right
thing to do
absolutely it is it's almost owed some
would say
like me jack deckard thank you
hey bo not sure if trump can pardon
junior for possible crimes before they
indicted him
i don't know um again i don't think
there's any restriction on it it
certainly wouldn't be ethical
but i don't know that there's a law
against it um
thank you vicky p thank you torches and
pitchforks why does it feel like we are
living through the pig fledged the wall
because we kind
of are uh thank you dan l values
trump may be quid pro quo trump may quit
pro quo
pardons with rich prisoners yeah
that's that's completely possible
yeah uh thank you
inga lindholm
thank you silent tremor giraffes yes or
no giraffes are awesome
like horses that can see further
i don't know what that question is
really about but uh
let's see thank you tony sparks
did you tire out of winning so much oh i
did
i'm telling you i cannot wait
until i never have to type let's
talk about trump and again like i cannot
wait for that to happen i am so
done with this guy like
do you think we have a chance of winning
in the georgia runoffs
yeah yeah
absolutely i
i think it's a lot closer than people
are expecting and i think the infighting
that's currently occurring in the
republican
party may really damage them so
antonio miller can we get an update on
our mania everything else in the world
that
trump has overshadowed you know what
that might be a really good idea
it might be
okay it might i i may put out one it'll
probably
be titled something really vague soon
like let's talk about foreign policy
where i just run through all of the
stuff that's going on
and just kind of catch everybody up
because we've all kind of
well i don't know if we've all but i
have certainly
been watching the the domestic stuff
uh thank you google staffers uh
horses that can see further and won't
run you under
a branch uh
diggy's dad what's up with florida's
ghost candidates
do both parties do this probably i mean
down here
yeah yeah the only pla
louisiana other than florida it's
louisiana these are the only two places
that are like this
it's just normal down here you just come
to expect
it um
let's see robert f jobin with 95
effective and 70
effective which do you think we're
likely to get in large numbers
um i don't know then that's something
we it depends on how they plan on doing
the logistics
on it that's really what it boils down
to i think
more than likely they'll open
it up they'll probably push whichever
one the u.s government put the most
funding behind
but i think they'll all be available and
it will end up
with being decided by individual
hospitals and doctors
um as to which one they're going to end
up using um
because i don't foresee you know the the
trump promise of of
everybody being able to get it super
fast that's probably not going to happen
at the end of the day that's probably
not going to happen
you leftists love to change the rules
well yeah that's what progressives do
they try to make things better
um douglas miles thank you
thoughts on trump pulling out of the
open sky treaty
um the only thing i want to i did a
whole bunch of videos about this when
they set it all in motion
and explained that it was just a gift to
putin
one thing i do want to comment on
because it's one of those things that
the media is is putting out there in a
very scary manner
the aircraft that that we're dumping
that doesn't really affect readiness
those were specific
to flying over and looking at stuff
surveillance is not early warning
um and they've made it a couple of hours
kind of made it sound like without these
aircraft we would be vulnerable
that's not the case i think that's
that's the one thing that needs to be
corrected up front
let's see
thank you kimberly stopmeister
thank you for all you do sharing your
thoughts let's get through this trying
time
uh it's it's helpful for me too um
you know without you guys i'm just
some disgruntled old dude yelling at
himself as in his shed
uh
kneeler apart thank you neela uh
which abiding cabinet pics are you most
pleased with and that's a trick question
uh i don't know that i'm really pleased
with any of them they could be worse
you know my actual views are so
far removed from democratic
from mainstream politics in the us in
general so
it's there are some that i'm happy with
the reforms that they're making but
they're still not what i want um
i i i love the team that he has put
together to handle asylum
um because it's not one person though
it's
because these people are going to be
coordinating and they're going to be
operating under the the cabinet level
people
those are the ones that are getting all
the press but he has a team of people
that he has brought together to
specifically handle
asylum related issues they're going to
be working um
under secretary of dhs and secretary of
state um
and that's an impressive crew and i
think they're actually going to do a
whole lot of good
um it's one of the few that i have like
all
like hope for wow like i'm like yeah
this is gonna be awesome
david cervillo can you make a playlist
of vids for anti-gun libs i it's
let's talk about guns and gun control
there's actually there is a playlist
it's on the channel
um we put that one together already
um
that's one that we could actually just
use the footage from that
cut up and turn into a four-hour
documentary
there's a lot of a lot of videos on that
greg wallace disgruntled old dude
yelling at himself in his shed
that's how my wife describes me
uh thank you jack deckard
i'm concerned about the democrats focus
on climate change in the green new
deal it doesn't affect most on a daily
basis but i believe
uh i don't think we have time i think
that
i think the uh
i think at this point it's a matter of
necessity i i don't
i think that they're starting to realize
that we do not have time to wait it
doesn't matter
if it's the most politically expedient
thing to do it's the right thing to do
now
we have we have to act on this um
so that's that's one of those things
that
it yeah it's going to take political
capital to get that pushed through
but we have to do it we are running out
of time to deal with that issue
um thank you drama mama
thanks for keeping me company at work
here is the money
from my first delivery with doordash
[Music]
and they should be happy with that
because you just gave them advertisement
doordash let's see why does the left
refuse to build a bridge with military
and veterans of all people
that don't want or that's uh a
conversation we have had multiple times
i've reached out to quite a few
left pundits and commentators and been
like what are you doing
these are these are the people we need
and i actually had a conversation last
night
with a vet who i was trying to get help
help me with something local
of me with a local project and
it's probably going to turn into a video
so i'm going to stop talking but i think
i may have identified
one reason why progressive and left vets
don't
get as active as they should
thank you desiree uh what are some good
history books that give a wider
perspective american history
that are not centered on only making
america look good
okay so there's the obvious answers like
why has my teacher told me um howard zen
stuff
there's also another option
get a british or canadian
history book like a textbook because
they don't have the propaganda interest
they have different ones
um but you can use those and it's not
going to showcase
america as always doing the right thing
because we didn't
um that's that's a good way to
to do it and to get around
the issue that you run into a lot of
times if it's titled lies my teacher
told me or whatever
a lot of people are very resistant to it
because it's revisionist history even
though we're supposed to revise history
um
they don't understand that if it's a
textbook and it's in english
they may not even realize it's from
another country and it becomes very
useful
in conversation uh
thank you daniel ashford
thank you seven miles project do you
think rachel maddow's concern
is no it's definitely warranted this was
a bad move
um now i don't know what her well rachel
maddow's concerns about open skies
are specifically but yes it was a bad
move
i just wanted to clarify that one piece
of information about the aircraft
because that's scary
the idea that we we have been left
completely exposed
um it's not true and and that's
something that's scaring people and
right now there's a lot of information
out there and there's a lot of things to
actually be scared about
i don't think that we should just be
adding stuff without reason
uh thank you angela thank you
sightseer 1965. your posts have helped
me
through some sleepless nights this year
specifically thanks for sharing your
perspective
it's helped thank you um
yeah withdrawing from open skies was a
bad move we talked about it
um i don't know a year ago maybe uh when
he first
mentioned that he was gonna do it and
like this is a horrible idea
it's not what we should do you know
um and outlined all of the reasons it
was bad
then the now it's just official
that it that it's occurred this really
happened a year ago look at it that way
at the end of the day this actually
ended a year ago
there weren't any there hasn't been any
huge fallout
um it's bad from a foreign policy
standpoint it's bad from a weapons
proliferation standpoint but uh
i don't know that
i don't i don't think that it should be
scaring people we we have a lot of other
stuff going on right now
that that is a more immediate need
okay so we are just over an hour into
this
what's the story of my political journey
it's a mess um
[Laughter]
uh i don't know i know that that's the
thing right now people are doing like
youtubers are doing like origin stories
unlike how they came to be um
i don't know i
yeah i'll think about that one i may put
out a video like that
have you read heather cox richardson's
nightly letters
from an american political historian in
real time
i haven't but that sounds utterly
fascinating
um
yeah i mean i don't know that that
sounds cool
as a political youtuber what is your
superpower i don't need to sleep
uh the mystery is an asset
you know i kind of think that in some
ways because i
i'll tell you what and it also would
ruin one of my
like hobbies i guess you could call it
um i love reading the conspiracy
theories about me
like because there are some good ones
out there
it's actually one of the more
interesting things that i've found
is that if since there isn't a lot of
information about certain periods people
just make stuff
up and i will tell you that the the
stories that are
made up are always cooler than what
really happened
thank you sunny days do you think the
improved means of a nordic model or
welfare
state system would make revolution
easier due to lack of economic
consequences
being fired for protesting um also
opinion on root beer
i like root beer um
i go back and forth about this because
you know
my ideological standpoint at the end of
the day i want to eliminate uh
reliance on government in pretty much
every form
all forms so the idea of of going
through
something that increases it to get to
that it seems counterintuitive
but after watching some of the studies
involving ubi
i don't know that it is counterintuitive
i mean it is counterintuitive but i
don't know that's wrong that may be the
easiest way to get there um
thank you keith davies see you later
the dan rather of youtube
wow that's a pretty big compliment
silver harlow jack deckard worry not the
dim focus on green new dill is
demolishing it and the progressives who
support it
man some of y'all are so cynical
i'm not saying you're wrong you're just
cynical thank you tony sparks
do you think it is time we standardize
the u.s education system
we currently have tribes such as prageru
um so they've launched a uh
a response to prager prageru uh i think
it's called gravel
or something like that uh it still
needs some help but they're they're
trying
i don't know that standardizing
federalizing education is the answer
leftist military vet here it's hard to
talk about leftist
ideas to military vets because of this
specter of socialism
right okay so here's the thing
and i'm not going to get into what i
found out last night but the way i've
always been able to
cross this bridge is yeah you know
why do why is the military have
universal health care
because it makes everybody more
efficient do we not want the country to
be as efficient as possible
lets people focus on the mission why is
uh why is housing guaranteed why is
there housing assistance why is food
guaranteed
why do you have all of this stuff
because it lets you focus on the mission
and and that tends to work it tends to
wake them up
um but yeah you can never use the s word
you can't you can't say socialism
um but
yeah that that's a real issue but i've
found something else
with people that are already on the left
who
at the end of the day you went over
three times
and you just you're done you you know
you feel like you've done your part and
that's i i've got a
i'm gonna make a video about that now
i'm convinced of it
um someone was discussing how
to move social democrats leftward
my answer achieved social democracy
right
i mean that's one way to do it
make a comic book series on the
conspiracy theories
how to reach out to the guy from balance
i imagine he'd have fun with that
uh thank you emily s
okay and i think i just lost somebody's
man i hate when that happens
will you make a video about some of the
conspiracy theories about you i want to
hear them
that may be something i do at some point
as a joke i don't know maybe weave them
all together
but i will tell you by those things
i have been employed by more
intelligence agencies
than anybody um it's it's
amazing some of the stuff that's out
there
uh thank you pharaoh do you know
anything about or have any opinions on
the formation of the people's party as a
major third party
it can be as long as they don't stop
that's the thing
one of the when it comes to third
parties they start
during an election cycle and then they
stop um you can't do that
you have to you have to keep going and
it's going to be hard right now because
of the gathering
issues because we're not supposed to be
gathering in large groups
what is your opinion on incels i have a
video about that
um i actually think it's like let's talk
about seals and in cells
someone was discussing how to move
social democrats oh
yeah okay so i
have to get some some some videos
recorded
play yourself in the tv show about the
conspiracies about you
um
thank you bruce and i'm glad you're on
the web too
okay so i have to get out of here um
thank you guys
for uh hanging out here with me tonight
i really appreciate it or today
it's daytime yeah it's so weird doing
this and
okay all right so
let's see in practice many aspects of
the military are
yeah they are they absolutely are
do you have a favorite stand-up comedian
um i actually like trey crowder
drew morgan yeah that's completely
stereotypical
i mean you probably could have seen that
coming
but yeah uh okay
all right anyway it's uh just a thought
y'all
y'all have a good day